chata got Sakuma sty welcome to my vlog
and welcome to Italy yes I'm on vacation
here as you might have noticed from my
Instagram if you're not yet following me
oh my god
planes to Grandma's lingo Marina so I
always prefer to travel to places where
I can practice languages and today we're
in Italy and I'm gonna practice Italian
I'm very basic but I know some phrases
that are helping me out here so I'm
gonna teach you some basic phrases that
you can use while you're here because
it's an amazing feeling when you can
practice a language when you can speak
to locals in their mother tongue so if
you're interested continue watching this
[Music]
hola
a gun
[Music]
ha good I'd say people ask me why I
learn Italian I always tell them to be
able to order in Italian in Italian
restaurants
[Music]
let's start with the basics when you see
someone in Italy and you want to greet
them you say ciao and when you want to
say bye y'all to say ciao but what I
notice here in Italy is that Italians
say a lot of buongiorno if it's during
the day which is like good day it
wouldn't really translated into English
or they would say buona sera if it's
good evening one a norte is good night
but again the easiest during this video
we're gonna be taking breaks so you'll
learn couple phrases then we'll take a
break and I'll show you amazing Italy
basically when people ask me why are you
learning Italian this is your fourth
language do you even need it and I'm
like yes whatever I'm in Italy I want to
speak Italian you know this is the best
feel one of the best feelings in the
world when you come to a country and
you're able to interact with locals in
their own language and it gives you this
feeling of achievement and idiocy this
feeling of belonging to the environment
where you are um I just love it this is
why I'm a language fan say I get
inspired with Italy Punjab
[Music]
ooh I could be a doctor Hong Kong so
could be an engine orange juice
so pretty huh delicious carrot juice and
the most common mistake that all of us
make Natalia is ordering a latte
macchiato by just saying latte because
we're used to doing that in the US and
whenever I say I was like yesterday I
wanted to order a latte with ice ice
latte the lady kept staring at me
because I was like I really want love to
it with ice and she brought her manager
and he was like oh what to makiato
because they were just about to bring me
milk with ice and another thing they
actually hate mixing coffee with ice and
one of the guys has to bring me iced
latte was like is this a bit for your
stomach I'm not gonna put ice in it I'm
just gonna put cold milk in your in your
coffee because otherwise you're gonna
destroy whatever is going on in our
system so don't offend Italians drink
hot coffee here all right what do you
say when you say like Cheers when you
drink I don't know when you do this and
what do you treat that's it that's it
okay they say salute
[Music]
by the way the hotel I'm staying in is
my first ever hotel Instagram deal so
they let me stay for free for my stories
and a couple posts because I love them
so much they are providing me with food
and massages and everything I decided to
share this hotel in this video as well
it's called me tamati sea resort highly
recommended it has four stars now but
the next year they getting 5 stars so
I'm leaving a link below if I had to pay
for this hotel I totally would I'm
enjoying it so much and I'm spending
time with my mom it's listening to an
audiobook and just enjoying myself in
the sunshine eating good food amazing
experience
[Music]
questa f2 light I just said this is
gelato and when you order something you
can say your value on gelato I want an
ice cream your valio latte macchiato or
you can just say prego one latte
macchiato please coffee latte Wow what
are your problem my abacus and
resistance
[Music]
but you know what what is your name
lingo money okay I like that my
Instagram name is very easy to remember
for all the Italian and Spanish speakers
I think oh you know just everyone's like
oh yeah yeah but what at America's like
lingua like that lingua
like
how does the via waiting for a taxi at
35 degrees I was like to Chios
so no a Nevada attakathi Caffrey is a
smaller island off the shore of Naples
and Sorrento and we're gonna stay here
for two days
these are our last two days in Italy out
of 19 days that I've been here this has
been one of the longest vacations I've
ever had and I feel that three weeks is
just the right time for me to relax
because when I arrived I was working for
the first two days because I was
switching from like the work mode to the
breast mode and then I was like okay I'm
gonna leave my phone at the hotel so I
can fully relax at the beach start
reading books have read three books to
start in the fourth way and what we do
with Dima is that we finish her vacation
when we have two last days to look at
the best hotel that we can find because
this is like this last impression of
Italy so I'm super excited about the
hotel we're going to right now I'm going
to show everything to you it's a couple
of words that I wanted to teach you here
this we're in the board voted on
dakari question spray muta the Ranjha on
ice okay this has been one of the most
expensive orange juices I've ever had
seven euros 50 Cent's Italy in high
season is more expensive than San
Francisco especially taxes on average
I've made 30 years for like a 10-minute
right
wait a minute right
in San Francisco if a like if it's
Brooke pool I can pay $2 $3 if it's
super X maybe like 10 15
who's the king of Italy and on that
one of the funny sciences
intelligence entirely
[Music]
one of my favorite Italian drinks called
like Italian Cola with the taste of
bitter orange
[Music]
only the deep here from the liquidity
okay Wow look at that Wow perfect thank
you you wake up I need you to take one
key with your ID and password for the
body
[Music]
definitely try this one on this one to
start Michelin restaurant breakfast
included February we just realized that
for more tape okay class continues
gradually militina Budhia
[Music]
the best what your breakfasts no you
remember I am in Moscow I did like a
faith partnership with one of the
companies and they paid for our sin had
Moscow and they served black caviar for
breakfast greedy
do you remember no black gear yeah that
was like a bowling black caviar it was
so good but if we eat remove black
caviar from that hotel I think this is
one of the best breakfasts have ever had
support yeah and the view is amazing and
latte and it's not it's not baby
partner is a one-star Michelin
restaurant
[Applause]
the place where
like
[Music]
I
which see
[Music]
it wasn't nice experience I would give
it a start
[Music]
[Applause]
we got to get this wild strawberries
they are the best and you can find them
in California you wanna wear it no we
can't for the tax rate I think we need
to put okay first this cold in italian
palana : additional
[Music]
this is the last Tyler tomorrow we're
heading home so first to Munich we're
spending in AD Munich and then we're
flying to San Francisco and we're just
staying in a hotel restaurant was
perfect vacation the three weeks kill me
he's been here for two weeks I've been
here three weeks and I'm definitely
coming back to Italy I'm gonna teach you
some more words stay tuned
it's one of my favorite dishes in Italy
pulpo which is octopus la pasta con
burrata stays good Polly relative ala
cc3 shilada Spiritualized Italian
language yeah Kobe City Julianna lamb
yellow and yellow
it's like art as a let's cross it so
with the spring onion tomato confit
hazelnuts dry on its powder inside and
here we are the Jews of Wow
Jerusalem or carne Daniela reunion
carnitine episode Rivera
pasta pravara means schedule
[Music]
restaurant Emily very early restaurant
restaurant illa-allah Ristorante Milly
Milly or a then you already million TEU
restaurant in the restaurant a
restaurant Emilio mr. Anthony yep
chocolate dough a cone cone penetration
to the lava stone fruit to the LA
passione to develop a theory
yeah from Roxanne thyme basil and
lavender
[Music]
how do you say verb I'm surprised you're
so nosy please
it was so no your solos are present
smells so good here I like a station oh
yeah
oh when the time is up
nice thank you for the rest dad someone
baby food there's a pulley they fully
setup fried doughnuts example f3 cream
right through it journey completion
Tiana gelatin a fruity rose you see as a
nuts protein not chocolate in the olive
oil
this is guys the best restaurant
experience in my life yeah
so specially is so cool that Englishman
restaurant the food is super tasty
because sometimes it's like interesting
but not taste yeah here it's very
interesting and very tasty it's great
highly recommend thank you thank you so
much thank you
this is the end of our trip to Italy
very good but you know Detroit it was
very good but short or same ciao she did
young I do be dead but our I got no this
is not a goodbye I'm saying all the
versions of you find out
I didn't attitude to be p.m. and
hopefully welcome to Italy in a years
all right
yes thank you guys so much for watching
this video you know you start this
channel it subscribed then we'll see you
soon